0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    It is a disease caused by the prolonged inhalation of fine siliceous dust.
    
1.  According to its man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    it returns statistics for the calling process measures in the "before" struct.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    Stores 16 sets of data

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we are not changing their contents?
    to get the reference point before and after the function run which can filter out the unrelevant resource usage outside the process.

4.  Explain as precisely as posible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function's for loop works.
    Main reads words in the txt file with the fgetc() function in a loop that iterate through the characters in the text file. When the fgetc() function reads a alphabetical character or apostrophe,
    the main will use the index number to assign the scanned character into the word[] array. If fgetc() returns a digit, it will be consider as not a character or word, and skip until fgetc() returns a space. 
    When the fgetc() function gets a space or other non alphabetical or apostrophe character, it will be consider the end of the word. 

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word's character one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems minght arise by relying on scanf alone?
    Because if we use fscanf(), it might take string with other signs    

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?
    Since the word for checck and the dictionary for reference shall be consistant during the spell check, it is safer to make then constant to warranty they will not be changed

7.  What data structure(s) did you use to implement your spell-checker? Be sure not to leave your answer at just "hash table", "trie" or the like. Exploud on what is inside each of your nodes
    I used a hash table to load the dictionary by adding all characters and placing them in a hex- numbered "box" so to say. 

8.  How slow was your code the first time tou got it working correctly?
    it was 0.40 between all time records

9.  What kinds of changes, if any, did you make to your code in orden to improve its performance?
    I changed the hash function to make it faster, which improve it to 0.25 between all time records. I made the hashfunction with arithmetic shift so that it save everyword in different boxes and I have less link list so that when it checks it has less linear search

10. Do you feel that your code has any bottlenecks that you were not able to chip away at?
    At the beggining I thought I could have done a better job as far as time, however, after I search for a faster hash function, I was very happy with the improvement. 
